Table Name,Data Element Name,Data Type,Length,Description,
tbl_Budgets,CaseNo,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_Budgets,BudgetID,bigint,8,Budget ID,
tbl_Budgets,BudgetType,varchar,100,Budget Type,
tbl_Budgets,BudgetStatus,varchar,100,Budget Status,
tbl_Budgets,FiscalYear,varchar,100,FiscalYear,
tbl_Budgets,Programs,varchar,75,Program Consumer Enrolled into,
tbl_Budgets,WSC,varchar,100,Waiver Support Coordinator Name,
tbl_Budgets,ApprovedBy,int,4,Approved By APD Staff Name,
tbl_Budgets,ApprovalDate,datetime,8,Approval Date,
tbl_Budgets,StartDate,datetime,8,Start Date,
tbl_Budgets,EndDate,datetime,8,End Date,
tbl_Budgets,BudgetAmount,numeric,9,Budget Amount,
tbl_Budgets,AnnualizedAmount,numeric,9,Annualized Budget Amount,
tbl_Budgets,AmountEncumbered,numeric,9,Amount Encumbered,
tbl_Budgets,AmountUnauthorized,numeric,9,Amount Unauthorized,
tbl_Budgets,PrioriBudgetAmount,numeric,9,Priori Budget Amount,
tbl_Budgets,Comments,varchar,Max,Comments,
tbl_Budgets,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_Budgets,DateTimeStamp,datetime,8,DateTimeStamp,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,CaseNo,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,PIN,varchar,20,Legacy ABC PIN,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ProviderName,varchar,500,Provider Name,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ProviderMedcId,varchar,20,Provider Medicaid ID,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ProcCode,varchar,20,Service Procedure Code ,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ServiceDate,datetime,8,Date Service Provided,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,Units,int,4,Units,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,BilledAmt,numeric,5,Billed Amount,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,PaidAmt,numeric,5,Paid Amount,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,PaidDate,datetime,8,Paid Date,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ICN,varchar,100,ICN - Claim Number in FMMIS,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,AdjustICN,varchar,100,AdjustICN,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,TreatingProvMedcId,varchar,20,WSC Treating Provider Medicaid ID,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,TransType,char,1,"Transaction Type (X-Cancel, A-ADD, C-Change)",
tbl_Claims_MMIS,LineNmbr,varchar,20,Line Number,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,PA,varchar,20,PA-Prior Authorization,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ClaimType,char,1,Claim Type,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,ClaimSubType,char,1,Claim Sub Type,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,CreateDate,datetime,8,Create Date,
tbl_Claims_MMIS,Id,bigint,8,Claim ID,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,CONTACTID,bigint,8,Contact ID,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,FIRSTNAME,varchar,30,Legal Representative FIRST NAME,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,LASTNAME,varchar,30,Legal Representative LAST NAME,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,GENDER,varchar,100,GENDER,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,CASENO,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,RELATIONSHIP,varchar,100,RELATIONSHIP,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,Multirelationship,varchar,Max,Multiple relationship,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,Active,int,4,Active,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,DateTimeStamp,datetime2,7,DateTimeStamp,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_ConsumerContacts,RECID,bigint,8,Record ID,
tbl_Consumers,CASENO,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_Consumers,DOB,datetime,8,DOB,
tbl_Consumers,GENDER,varchar,100,GENDER,
tbl_Consumers,RACE,varchar,100,RACE,
tbl_Consumers,PLANGUAGE,varchar,100,Written Language,
tbl_Consumers,SLANGUAGE,varchar,100,Spoken Language,
tbl_Consumers,TITLE,varchar,50,TITLE,
tbl_Consumers,ETHNICITYLOOKUP,varchar,30,ETHNICITY LOOKUP,
tbl_Consumers,County,varchar,100,County,
tbl_Consumers,District,varchar,25,District,
tbl_Consumers,Region,varchar,100,Region,
tbl_Consumers,DOD,datetime,8,DOD-Date of Death,
tbl_Consumers,CauseOfDeath,varchar,1000,Cause Of Death,
tbl_Consumers,DODAction,varchar,50,DOD Action,
tbl_Consumers,DODFileNumber,varchar,25,DOD FileNumber,
tbl_Consumers,RESIDENCETYPE,varchar,100,Living Setting,
tbl_Consumers,MedicaidId,varchar,500,Medicaid ID,
tbl_Consumers,ABCPIN,varchar,50,Legacy ABC PIN,
tbl_Consumers,ReferralSource,varchar,100,Referral Source,
tbl_Consumers,CBCFlag,bit,1,CBC Flag- Identifies if the Consumer has enrolled in CBC Program,
tbl_Consumers,ReferredToVR,varchar,50,ReferredToVR,
tbl_Consumers,ANNUALINCOME,numeric,9,ANNUAL INCOME,
tbl_Consumers,Competency,varchar,50,Competency,
tbl_Consumers,Status,varchar,10,Status,
tbl_Consumers,DevelopmentalDisability,varchar,Max,Developmental Disability,
tbl_Consumers,FUNDCODE,varchar,25,FUND CODE (Division),
tbl_Consumers,DISPOSITION,varchar,100,DISPOSITION,
tbl_Consumers,DISPOSITIONDATE,datetime,8,DISPOSITION DATE,
tbl_Consumers,OPENDATE,datetime,8,OPEN DATE,
tbl_Consumers,OPENREASON,varchar,Max,OPEN REASON,
tbl_Consumers,CLOSEDATE,datetime,8,CLOSE DATE,
tbl_Consumers,CLOSEREASON,varchar,100,CLOSE REASON,
tbl_Consumers,ApplicationReceivedDate,datetime,8,Application Received Date,
tbl_Consumers,ApplicationReceivedViaOAS,varchar,50,Application Received Via OAS,
tbl_Consumers,ApplicantRequestingCWE,varchar,50,Applicant Requesting CWE,
tbl_Consumers,RequiresSOPTReview,varchar,10,Requires SOPT Review,
tbl_Consumers,DateAssignedToSOPT,datetime,8,Date Assigned To SOPT,
tbl_Consumers,SOPTName,varchar,100,SOPTName,
tbl_Consumers,DateSOPTCompletedReview,datetime,8,Date SOPT Completed Review,
tbl_Consumers,OPENID,bigint,8,Open ID,
tbl_Consumers,PRIMARYWORKER,varchar,100,PRIMARY WORKER,
tbl_Consumers,PRIMARYWORKERID,bigint,8,Primary Worker ID,
tbl_Consumers,SECONDWORKER,varchar,100,SECONDARY WORKER,
tbl_Consumers,SECONDWORKERID,bigint,8,Secondary Worker ID,
tbl_Consumers,PrimaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Primary Diagnosis,
tbl_Consumers,SecondaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Secondary Diagnosis,
tbl_Consumers,OtherDiagnosis,varchar,200,Other Diagnosis,
tbl_Consumers,MentalHealthDiag1,varchar,200,Mental Health Diagnosis1,
tbl_Consumers,MentalHealthDiag2,varchar,200,Mental Health Diagnosis 2,
tbl_Consumers,MentalHealthDiag3,varchar,200,Mental Health Diagnosis 3,
tbl_Consumers,MentalHealthDiag4,varchar,200,Mental Health Diagnosis 4,
tbl_Consumers,MentalHealthDiag_5_6,varchar,100,Mental Health Diagnosis 5_6,
tbl_Consumers,REVIEW,varchar,100,REVIEW,
tbl_Consumers,REVIEWDATE,datetime,8,REVIEW DATE,
tbl_Consumers,SSNMonthlyBenefitAmt,varchar,50,SSN Monthly Benefit Amount,
tbl_Consumers,3rdPartyHealthInsurance,varchar,50,3rd Party Health Insurance,
tbl_Consumers,CompetitivelyEmployed,varchar,50,Competitively Employed,
tbl_Consumers,HireDate,varchar,50,Hire Date,
tbl_Consumers,AvgMonthlyEarnings,varchar,50,Average Monthly Earnings,
tbl_Consumers,WantsEmployment,varchar,50,Wants Employment,
tbl_Consumers,HourlyWage,varchar,50,Hourly Wage,
tbl_Consumers,MinimumWage,varchar,50,Minimum Wage,
tbl_Consumers,CONTACTID,bigint,8,Contact ID,
tbl_Consumers,DateTimeStamp,datetime,8,DateTimeStamp,
tbl_Consumers,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_Consumers,Id,int,4,Id,
tbl_Diagnosis,CASENO,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_Diagnosis,FUNDCODE,varchar,25,FUNDCODE,
tbl_Diagnosis,PrimaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Primary Diagnosis,
tbl_Diagnosis,SecondaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Secondary Diagnosis,
tbl_Diagnosis,TertiaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Tertiary Diagnosis,
tbl_Diagnosis,QuaternaryDiagnosis,varchar,200,Quaternary Diagnosis,
tbl_Diagnosis,REVIEW,varchar,100,REVIEW,
tbl_Diagnosis,REVIEWDATE,datetime,8,REVIEW DATE,
tbl_Diagnosis,STATUS,varchar,100,STATUS,
tbl_Diagnosis,DATETIMESTAMP,datetime,8,DATETIMESTAMP,
tbl_Diagnosis,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_Diagnosis,DiagnosisID,bigint,8,Diagnosis ID,
tbl_EZBudget,CASENO,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_EZBudget,REVIEW,varchar,100,REVIEW,
tbl_EZBudget,Worker,varchar,100,Worker Name,
tbl_EZBudget,ReviewDate,datetime,8,Review Date,
tbl_EZBudget,STATUS,varchar,100,STATUS,
tbl_EZBudget,Division,varchar,25,Division,
tbl_EZBudget,ApprovedBy,varchar,100,Approved By- APD State Office Staff,
tbl_EZBudget,ApprovedDate,datetime,8,Approved Date,
tbl_EZBudget,Region,varchar,50,Region,
tbl_EZBudget,UpdateSituation,varchar,50,Update Situation,
tbl_EZBudget,LivingSetting,varchar,50,Living Setting,
tbl_EZBudget,CurrentAge,varchar,50,Current Age of the Consumer,
tbl_EZBudget,PropFactor,varchar,50,PropFactor,
tbl_EZBudget,AlgorithmAmt,varchar,50,Algorithm Amount,
tbl_EZBudget,QSIBehavioralScore,varchar,50,QSI Behavioral Score,
tbl_EZBudget,QSIFunctionalScore,varchar,50,QSI Functional Score,
tbl_EZBudget,Q14,varchar,50,QSI Question 14,
tbl_EZBudget,Q15,varchar,50,QSI Question 15,
tbl_EZBudget,Q16,varchar,50,QSI Question 16,
tbl_EZBudget,Q17,varchar,50,QSI Question 17,
tbl_EZBudget,Q18,varchar,50,QSI Question 18,
tbl_EZBudget,Q19,varchar,50,QSI Question 19,
tbl_EZBudget,Q20,varchar,50,QSI Question 20,
tbl_EZBudget,Q21,varchar,50,QSI Question 21,
tbl_EZBudget,Q22,varchar,50,QSI Question 22,
tbl_EZBudget,Q23,varchar,50,QSI Question 23,
tbl_EZBudget,Q24,varchar,50,QSI Question 24,
tbl_EZBudget,Q25,varchar,50,QSI Question 25,
tbl_EZBudget,Q26,varchar,50,QSI Question 26,
tbl_EZBudget,Q27,varchar,50,QSI Question 27,
tbl_EZBudget,Q28,varchar,50,QSI Question 28,
tbl_EZBudget,Q29,varchar,50,QSI Question 29,
tbl_EZBudget,Q30,varchar,50,QSI Question 30,
tbl_EZBudget,Q33,varchar,50,QSI Question 33,
tbl_EZBudget,Q34,varchar,50,QSI Question 34,
tbl_EZBudget,Q36,varchar,50,QSI Question 36,
tbl_EZBudget,Q43,varchar,50,QSI Question 43,
tbl_EZBudget,Q44,varchar,50,QSI Question 44,
tbl_EZBudget,DATETIMESTAMP,datetime,8,DATETIMESTAMP,
tbl_EZBudget,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_EZBudget,EZBudgetAssessId,bigint,8,EZ iBudget Calculator Form ID,
tbl_PlannedServices,CaseNo,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_PlannedServices,Division,varchar,25,Division,
tbl_PlannedServices,FiscalYear,int,4,FiscalYear,
tbl_PlannedServices,STARTDATE,datetime,8,START DATE,
tbl_PlannedServices,ENDDATE,datetime,8,END DATE,
tbl_PlannedServices,IndexSubObjectCode,varchar,100,Index Sub Object Code,
tbl_PlannedServices,ServiceRatio,varchar,100,Service Ratio,
tbl_PlannedServices,ConsumerCounty,varchar,100,Consumer County,
tbl_PlannedServices,GeographicDifferential,varchar,100,Geographic Differential,
tbl_PlannedServices,ProviderRateType,varchar,100,Provider Rate Type,s
tbl_PlannedServices,ServiceCode,varchar,25,ServiceCode,
tbl_PlannedServices,Service,varchar,100,Service,
tbl_PlannedServices,UnitType,varchar,100,UnitType,
tbl_PlannedServices,UnitsPer,numeric,9,UnitsPer,
tbl_PlannedServices,UnitsOfMeasure,varchar,25,"Units Of Measure (Day, Week, Month)",
tbl_PlannedServices,TotalUnits,numeric,9,Total Units,
tbl_PlannedServices,AnnualizedUnits,int,4,Annualized Units,
tbl_PlannedServices,VendorID,bigint,8,Vendor ID (Provider iConnect ID),
tbl_PlannedServices,ProviderName,varchar,75,Provider Name,
tbl_PlannedServices,ProviderMedcId,varchar,20,Provider Medicaid ID,
tbl_PlannedServices,Rate,numeric,9,Rate,
tbl_PlannedServices,MaxAmount,numeric,9,MaxAmount,
tbl_PlannedServices,COMMENTS,varchar,Max,COMMENTS,
tbl_PlannedServices,PlannedServiceStatus,varchar,100,Planned Service Status,
tbl_PlannedServices,RegionStateReviewComments,varchar,5000,Region State Review Comments,
tbl_PlannedServices,AllowEVVDelivery,bit,1,Allow EVV Delivery,
tbl_PlannedServices,EVVComments,varchar,500,EVV Comments,
tbl_PlannedServices,DATETIMESTAMP,datetime,8,DATETIMESTAMP,
tbl_PlannedServices,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_PlannedServices,PlannedServiceId,bigint,8,Planned Service ID,
tbl_PlannedServices,PlanId,bigint,8,Plan ID,
tbl_PlannedServices,ISComboCodeID,bigint,8,IS Combo CodeID,
tbl_PlannedServices,VendorServicesId,bigint,8,Vendor Services ID,
tbl_Plans,CaseNo,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_Plans,Division,varchar,25,Division,
tbl_Plans,Program,varchar,75,Program,
tbl_Plans,Worker,varchar,100,Worker Name,
tbl_Plans,CreationDate,datetime,8,Creation Date,
tbl_Plans,Comments,varchar,Max,Comments,
tbl_Plans,Status,varchar,100,Status,
tbl_Plans,BeginDate,datetime,8,Begin Date,
tbl_Plans,EndDate,datetime,8,End Date,
tbl_Plans,Review,varchar,50,Review,
tbl_Plans,ReviewRequestDate,datetime,8,Review Request Date,
tbl_Plans,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_Plans,DateTimeStamp,datetime,8,DateTimeStamp,
tbl_Plans,PlanId,bigint,8,Plan ID,
tbl_Plans,BudgetId,bigint,8,Budget ID,
tbl_Plans,OpenId,bigint,8,Open ID,
tbl_Plans,EnrollID,bigint,8,Enrollment ID (Program ID),
tbl_QSIAssessments,CASENO,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_QSIAssessments,ABCPIN,varchar,50,Legacy ABC PIN,
tbl_QSIAssessments,STATUS,varchar,100,STATUS,
tbl_QSIAssessments,REVIEW,varchar,100,REVIEW,
tbl_QSIAssessments,REVIEWDATE,datetime,8,REVIEWDATE,
tbl_QSIAssessments,RATER,varchar,100,RATER,
tbl_QSIAssessments,RaterID,bigint,8,Rater ID,
tbl_QSIAssessments,COMMENTS,text,16,COMMENTS,
tbl_QSIAssessments,APPROVEDBY,varchar,100,APPROVED BY,
tbl_QSIAssessments,APPROVEDATE,datetime,8,APPROVE DATE,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q13a,varchar,50,QSI Question 13a,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q13b,varchar,50,QSI Question 13b,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q13c,varchar,50,QSI Question 13c,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q14,varchar,50,QSI Question 14,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q15,varchar,50,QSI Question 15,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q16,varchar,50,QSI Question 16,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q17,varchar,50,QSI Question 17,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q18,varchar,50,QSI Question 18,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q19,varchar,50,QSI Question 19,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q20,varchar,50,QSI Question 20,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q21,varchar,50,QSI Question 21,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q22,varchar,50,QSI Question 22,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q23,varchar,50,QSI Question 23,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q24,varchar,50,QSI Question 24,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q25,varchar,50,QSI Question 25,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q26,varchar,50,QSI Question 26,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q27,varchar,50,QSI Question 27,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q28,varchar,50,QSI Question 28,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q29,varchar,50,QSI Question 29,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q30,varchar,50,QSI Question 30,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q31a,varchar,50,QSI Question 31a,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q31b,varchar,50,QSI Question 31b,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q32,varchar,50,QSI Question 32,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q33,varchar,50,QSI Question 33,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q34,varchar,50,QSI Question 34,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q35,varchar,50,QSI Question 35,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q36,varchar,50,QSI Question 36,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q37,varchar,50,QSI Quesiton 37,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q38,varchar,50,QSI Question 38,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q39,varchar,50,QSI Question 39,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q40,varchar,50,QSI Question 40,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q41,varchar,50,QSI Question 41,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q42,varchar,50,QSI Question 42,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q43,varchar,50,QSI Question 43,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q44,varchar,50,QSI Question 44,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q45,varchar,50,QSI Question 45,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q46,varchar,50,QSI Question 46,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q47,varchar,50,QSI Question 47,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q48,varchar,50,QSI Question 48,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q49,varchar,50,QSI Question 49,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q50,varchar,50,QSI Question 50,
tbl_QSIAssessments,Q51a,varchar,50,QSI Question 51a,
tbl_QSIAssessments,FLEVEL,varchar,50,Functional Level,
tbl_QSIAssessments,BLEVEL,varchar,50,Behavioral Level,
tbl_QSIAssessments,PLEVEL,varchar,50,Physical Level,
tbl_QSIAssessments,OLEVEL,varchar,50,Overall Level,
tbl_QSIAssessments,LOSRI,varchar,50,Level of Support Rating,
tbl_QSIAssessments,DATETIMESTAMP,datetime,8,DATETIMESTAMP,
tbl_QSIAssessments,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
tbl_QSIAssessments,AssessID,bigint,8,QSI Assessment Form ID,
tbl_QSIAssessments,LegacyAssessID,bigint,8,Legacy QSI Assessment ID,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,ABCPIN,varchar,10,Legacy ABC PIN,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,STATUS,varchar,10,STATUS,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,REVIEW,varchar,7,REVIEW,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,REVIEWDATE,datetime,8,REVIEW DATE,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,RATER,varchar,61,RATER,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,RATERID,int,4,Rater ID,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,APPROVEDBY,varchar,61,APPROVED BY,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,CompletedDate,datetime,8,Completed Date,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q14,int,4,QSI Question 14,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q15,int,4,QSI Question 15,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q16,int,4,QSI Question 16,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q17,int,4,QSI Question 17,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q18,int,4,QSI Question 18,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q19,int,4,QSI Question 19,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q20,int,4,QSI Question 20,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q21,int,4,QSI Question 21,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q22,int,4,QSI Question 22,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q23,int,4,QSI Question 23,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q24,int,4,QSI Question 24,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q25,int,4,QSI Question 25,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q26,int,4,QSI Question 26,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q27,int,4,QSI Question 27,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q28,int,4,QSI Question 28,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q29,int,4,QSI Question 29,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q30,int,4,QSI Question 30,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q30a,int,4,QSI Question 30a,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q30b,int,4,QSI Question 30b,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q30bOther,varchar,50,QSI Question 30bOther,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q31,int,4,QSI Question 31,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q32,int,4,QSI Question 32,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q33,int,4,QSI Question 33,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q34,int,4,QSI Question 34,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q35,int,4,QSI Question 35,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q36,int,4,QSI Question 36,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q37,int,4,QSI Quesiton 37,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q38,int,4,QSI Question 38,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q39,int,4,QSI Question 39,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q40,int,4,QSI Question 40,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q41,int,4,QSI Question 41,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q42,int,4,QSI Question 42,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q43,int,4,QSI Question 43,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q43txt,varchar,200,QSI Question 43txt,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q44,int,4,QSI Question 44,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q45,int,4,QSI Question 45,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q46,int,4,QSI Question 46,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q47,int,4,QSI Question 47,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q48,int,4,QSI Question 48,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q49,int,4,QSI Question 49,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,Q49a,int,4,QSI Question 49a,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,FLEVEL,int,4,Functional Level,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,BLEVEL,int,4,Behavioral Level,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,PLEVEL,int,4,Physical Level,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,OLEVEL,varchar,9,Overall Level,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,LOSRI,int,4,Level of Support Rating,
tbl_QSIAssessmentsLegacy,ASSESSID,int,4,Assessment ID,
tbl_QSIQuestions,QuestionID,varchar,4,Question ID,
tbl_QSIQuestions,Question,varchar,50,Question,
tbl_QSIQuestions,QuestionAssoc,int,4,Question Association,
tbl_QSIQuestions,QuestionAssocDescr,varchar,Max,Question Association Description,
tbl_QSIQuestions,Descr,varchar,Max,QSI Question (actual text),
tbl_SANs,CaseNo,bigint,8,Consumer iConnect ID,
tbl_SANs,SanID,bigint,8,SAN ID,
tbl_SANs,Division,varchar,100,Division,
tbl_SANs,Type,varchar,100,Type,
tbl_SANs,SANDueToUpdatedAlgorithm,varchar,100,SAN Due To Updated Algorithm,
tbl_SANs,Reason,varchar,100,Reason,
tbl_SANs,Status,varchar,100,Status,
tbl_SANs,PlanID,bigint,8,Plan ID,
tbl_SANs,WSC,varchar,100,WSC,
tbl_SANs,StateOfficeReviewer,varchar,100,State Office Reviewer,
tbl_SANs,DateInitiated,datetime,8,Date Initiated,
tbl_SANs,SubmissionDate,datetime,8,Submission Date,
tbl_SANs,RAIDate,datetime,8,Request for Additional InformationDate,
tbl_SANs,DueDate,datetime,8,Due Date,
tbl_SANs,60DaysDate,datetime,8,Date 30 Days From Request Date,
tbl_SANs,30DaysDate,datetime,8,Date 60 Days From Request Date,
tbl_SANs,CurrentBudget,numeric,9,Current Budget,
tbl_SANs,AlgorithmAmount,numeric,9,Algorithm Amount,
tbl_SANs,AmountUnAuthorized,numeric,9,Amoun tUnAuthorized,
tbl_SANs,BudgetSource,varchar,500,Budget Source,
tbl_SANs,LastRefresh,varchar,100,Last Refresh Of Current Budget Info,
tbl_SANs,WSCProposedBudget,numeric,9,WSC Proposed Budget,
tbl_SANs,WSCProposedProratedIncrease,numeric,9,WSC Proposed Prorated Increase,
tbl_SANs,WSCProposedAnnualizedBudget,numeric,9,WSC Proposed Annualized Budget,
tbl_SANs,WSCProposedAnnualizedIncrease,numeric,9,WSC Proposed Annualized Increase,
tbl_SANs,StateProposedProratedBudget,numeric,9,State Proposed Prorated Budget,
tbl_SANs,StateProposedProratedIncrease,numeric,9,State Proposed Prorated Increase,
tbl_SANs,StateProposedAnnualizedBudget,numeric,9,State Proposed Annualized Budget,
tbl_SANs,StateProposedAnnualizedIncrease,numeric,9,State Proposed Annualized Increase,
tbl_SANs,Recommendation,varchar,100,Recommendation,
tbl_SANs,PersonMakingRecommd,varchar,100,Person Making Recommendation,
tbl_SANs,RecommendationDate,datetime,8,Recommendation Date,
tbl_SANs,Decision,varchar,100,Decision,
tbl_SANs,Decisionby,varchar,100,Decision by,
tbl_SANs,DateNoticeSent,datetime,8,Date Notice Sent,
tbl_SANs,DateTimeStamp,datetime,8,DateTimeStamp,
tbl_SANs,UserStamp,varchar,100,UserStamp,
